
  I am looking for a book: my book, among at first a countably infinite, then
  finite but large, then smaller and smaller set. I want the book because I
  believe in math, but I'm afraid to be a leader. I've chosen the first person
  POV for myself because "his book" doesn't have the same ring. But, that means
  that you'll have to write in character all the time in [[pm]],
  and when it's in that file, that's how you'll know you're writing in
  character. 
  
  Thomas Monastic Sex Havington Price is looking for a book: The Book of The
  Universe Containing This Book. His set is uncountably infinite, for some
  reason, and getting bigger. It's uncountable among many dimensions, for one
  thing. Why does he want that book? Because he doesn't want to have his
  education forcibly removed from his head. His story is in 3POV, so that I can
  write a simplistic story with only a few beats and a lot of special effects,
  yet get away with it because I am also taking the time to really explain those
  special effects that, in Thomas Henderson's opinions, really are important. 

# the big picture
We seriously live in the cyberpunk future that we were warned about.  The
iDevices, the corporate control, the collapse of news, the failed globe, the
billion in slums, the economic singularity drawing all money labor and
commodities into a heating death spiral, the surveillance in two directions,
swarm justice and hacktivism, illegal information, cultural interpenetrative
marketing, the drones, the paramil police, the grey-hair minarchists, it's all
there. Old people frightened of young people and the sky. 

the personal story

There's a generational theme that I want to get away from and have trouble
getting away from, and that is that someone of my age was raised with a fringe
culture telling me, You know this is all going to fall apart right? and the
contrasting script telling me, Neoliberalism is here forever: technology will
save us, be realistic and concern yourself with small green pieces of paper, the
important decisions are what to do to get money and how to dispense your money.
When, in actual fact, none of these were important at all. What is important is
that I do not live in similar conditions to those of the men growing my coffee,
and I don't know if by drinking coffee I am killing monkeys - well, I'm pretty
certain that I'm making things worse, but maybe less worse than... 

  I guess what I'm saying is, for someone of my particular background, middle
class script, pattern seeking mindset, virtual world comfortability.. it's hard
to know what the fuck is going on. I want to know what the fuck is going on. But
then again, I get the sense that I have a notion of what the fuck is going on,
and what I really want is to call into being the army of mathpunx that will be
like me and amplify what it is that I've been able to learn so far. 

  So, what I want to win is influence. What I fear to lose is my reputation, my
idealism, and what's looming is student debt and an inability to let go of the
book. 
